docs(common): update setup instructions and procedures to use GCP cloud storage instead of team drive (#50)
mozilla/ecosystem-test-scripts: docs/reference-guides/metric_update_procedure.md

  tests.

## 3. Backup the latest `test_result_dir` to the GCP Cloud Bucket

> Upload the new contents of the `test_result_dir`, typically called 'raw_data,' to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload the new contents of the `test_result_dir`, typically called 'raw_data', to the
```
